feat(compiler-cli): mark ability to use partial compilation mode as stable (#41518)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/angular-compiler-options.md

When `true`, use [Tsickle](https://github.com/angular/tsickle) to annotate the emitted JavaScript with [JSDoc](https://jsdoc.app/) comments needed by the
[Closure Compiler](https://github.com/google/closure-compiler). Default is `false`.

### `compilationMode`

Specifies the compilation mode to use. The following modes are available:

> - `'full'`: generates fully AOT-compiled code using Ivy instructions.

Reviewer: I am not sure if we should mention ivy here. But if we do perhaps it sounds better as:

```suggestion
- `'full'`: generates fully AOT-compiled code containing Ivy instructions.
```

Author: Rephrased this to remove the Ivy instruction reference but instead mention that the generated code is according to the version of Angular that is currently being used.

> - `'partial'`: generates code in a stable, but intermediate form suitable for publication to NPM.

Reviewer: How about? In case there are other ways to publish?

```suggestion
- `'partial'`: generates code in a stable, but intermediate form suitable for a published library.
```
